Create risks.md (#3)
w3cping/credential-considerations: risks.md

### Exclusion of minority users

There are many people who prefer not to use the dominant operating systems, for example technical enthusiasts who prefer to build their own Linux environments from source, or [root their Android phones](https://liberda.nl/weblog/trust-no-client/) to ensure they have total control over the devices they own. Such usage patterns are somewhat in conflict with the security guarantees that many credential issuers require prior to provisioning credentials, so a requirement to use such credentials may exclude such users.

In addition, some people are unwilling or unable to rely on government-issued identification. Whether due to being in an at-risk demographic such as the unsheltered, out of a philosophical conviction, or just being too young, a dependence on RWI systems may place these users at risk of increasingly being excluded from larger fractions of online activity.

### Widening the use of high-assurance identity beyond user expectations

> When a user has a legitimate need to use their high-assurance identity, there's a risk of that information getting used for scenarios broader than they intended. For example, using a government ID to enable consumption of content not intended for children resulting in a unique identifier being joined to the user's social media profile for the purposes of more effective ad targeting. Additionally, a security breach of a website with legitimate need for RWI could lead to greater consequences for identity theft or the trade of personal user information on the black market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user has a legitimate need to use their high-assurance identity, there's a risk of that information getting used for scenarios broader than they intended. For example, using a government ID to enable consumption of content not intended for children resulting in a unique identifier being joined to the user's social media profile for the purposes of more effective ad targeting. Additionally, a security breach of a website with legitimate need for RWI could lead to greater consequences for identity theft or the trade of personal user information on illicit markets.
```

Author: Thanks Ori!
